tre: add page (#10387)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/tre.md

# tre

> Show the contents of the current directory as a tree.

> > Respects `.gitignore` settings, by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Respects the `.gitignore` settings, by default.
```

> > Respects the `.gitignore` settings, by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Respects the `.gitignore` settings by default.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/dduan/tre>.

- Print directories only:

> `tre -d`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tre --directories`
```

> - Print JSON containing files in the tree hierarchy, instead of the normal tree diagram:
> 
> `tre -j`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print JSON containing files in the tree hierarchy instead of the normal tree diagram:

`tre --json`
```

- Print files and directories up to the specified depth limit (where 1 means the current directory):

> `tre -l {{depth}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tre --limit {{depth}}`
```

> - Print all hidden files and directories using the specified colorization mode (eg. `automatic`, `always`, `never`):
> 
> `tre -a -c {{when}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print all hidden files and directories using the specified colorization mode:

`tre --all --color {{automatic|always|never}}`
```

> - Print files within the tree hierarchy, assigning a shell alias to each file that, when called, will open the associated file using the provided `command`:
> 
> `tre -e {{command}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print files within the tree hierarchy, assigning a shell alias to each file that, when called, will open the associated file using the provided `command` (or in `$EDITOR` by default):

`tre --editor {{command}}`
```

> - Print files within the tree hierarchy, excluding all paths that do not match the provided RegExp pattern:
> 
> `tre -E {{pattern}}`

Reviewer 2: From the manual page (https://github.com/dduan/tre/blob/main/manual/tre.1#L52):
> Exclude paths ***matching*** a regex pattern.

Here it's written the other way around (i.e. exclude those that ***do not*** match).

```suggestion
- Print files within the tree hierarchy, excluding all paths that match the provided regular expression:

`tre --exclude {{regular_expression}}`
```
